.TH man 1 "28 Sep 2019" "0.4" "relivecui man page"

.SH NAME
relivecui \- live show replay client for scene-related shows and podcasts

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B relivecui
.br
.B relivecui \-?\fR|\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help
.br
.B relivecui \-l\fR|\fB\-\-list\-devices
.br
.B relivecui \-s\fR|\fB\-\-default\-station \fR[<name>]
.br
.B relivecui \-v\fR|\fB\-\-version
.SH DESCRIPTION
relivecui is a live show replay client for experiencing past scene-related shows and podcasts.
It is implemented as a curses based console application and currently supports macOS and Linux.
.SH OPTIONS
.BR \-? ", " \-h ", " \--help
Output help text and exits.
.BR \-l ", " \-\-list\-devices
Dump a list of found and supported output devices and exit.
.BR \-s ", " \-\-default\-station \fR[<name>]
Set the default station to switch to on startup, only significant part of the name is needed.
Without a parameter, this resets to starting on station screen.
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Shows version and exits.

.SH COPYRIGHT
\fBreLiveCUI\fR is Copyright (C) 2019 by Steffen 'Gulrak' Schuemann <s.schuemann@pobox.com>,
released under the 3-Clause-BSD license.
.br
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.SH SEE
\-

